Add reminder about docstrings, objects, and intervening lines (#58541)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/documentation.md

"Tell whether there are too foo items in the array."
foo(xs::Array) = ...
```
!!! note "Reminder"

>     Having any lines between the docstring and the object being documented (function, macro, type or instance), while human readable, are not allowed and may break automated documentation tools.

Reviewer: Disliking the current wording:

* `(function, macro, type or instance)`: seems redundant

* `while human readable`: subjective and unnecessary

* `may break automated documentation tools`: seems to weak/imprecise

I'm too tired to make a completely thoughtful suggestion, however maybe something like this would be an improvement?

```suggestion
    Any empty lines between the docstring and the object being documented detach the former from the latter, making the docstring useless.
```

   ```

   This makes it clearer where docstrings start and end.
   

> 10. Respect the line length limit used in the surrounding code.

Author: Definitely unintentional.

   ```

   This makes it clearer where docstrings start and end.

> 

Reviewer: Unintentionally added empty line here:

```suggestion
```
